CNV#58546: DOC: UI - Bulk Storage Class Migration within a single cluster (#93632)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/managing_vms/virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class"]

> = Migrating VMs in a single cluster to a different storage class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Migrating VMs in the same cluster to a different storage class by using the web console
```

Author: I prefer 'a single' to 'the same'

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class

toc::[]

> You can migrate virtual machines (VMs) within a single cluster from one storage class to a different storage class. By using the {product-title} web console, you can perform the migration for the VMs in bulk.

Author: There is no CLI for this, at least right now. 

I tried your suggestions but ended up back with what I had originally written. I like the two sentences rather than one long one.
